(rippling piano music)
My name's Jose Salvatierra, founder of Teclado.
We created the most popular
REST API development course on Udemy.
We've over 4,000 reviews and 20,000 students.
Now we've created this advanced REST API course
to take you even farther in your API and development
using Flask and Python.
Our first course took you from zero to a deployed REST API
that your users could access.
But tonnes of students asked for more.
You guys wanted to send emails, deal with image upload,
deal with payments, database migrations,
and the list goes on.
After spending months creating and streamlining this course,
I'm proud to say we've got your back.
This course will guide you through adding
all those features and more
using the latest technologies and the best practises.
We also teach everything in this course
using Python 3.7, the latest version.
Do note though, that this is an advanced course.
So while you don't need to take
our introductory REST API course,
programming experience with either Python
or another programming language is necessary.
In addition, if you have some knowledge of how the web works
that would also be really helpful.
More information on this
is available in the course description below.
So how is the course structured?
Well, students loved the format of our previous course
where we introduced new features
by baking them into an application.
We're going to do the same in this course
so that you can see how a professional
REST API is developed.
We start with a simple REST API
and teach you everything you need to know about it.
So even if you've not taken our introductory course,
you'll follow along with absolutely no issues.
We've also got a short ebook to help you with this.
Then, we'll migrate from reqparse to marshmallow
to simply our code and make it more readable
and more maintainable.
Through the following sections,
you'll work on features like user confirmation emails
so your users have to click a link in an email
before they can activate their account.
You'll deal with image uploads.
We'll add translations, database migrations.
We'll deal with payments and we'll even
use third-party services to log in with OAuth.
As we go through the course,
we'll help you understand
how to develop features incrementally
so you can get them to your users quickly
and minimise risk.
Many lectures contain extra resources
for you to go out and learn more.
And for every lecture,
we've included the source code
at the start and at the end,
so you'll never be lost.
I really can't wait to guide you through this course.
You can' go wrong.
So join me and I'll see you on the inside.